hey folks I want to recommend a new book
to you that I've recently read entitled
reflections on the existence of God by
Richard e Simmons this book is a
collection of short essays focusing on
life's biggest questions how did we get
here where do we find meaning in life
who determines what is evil and does God
even exist this book is easy to read
because it's divided into a series of
brief essays perfect for devotional or
discussion with a friend I highly
recommend that you had a copy of
reflections on the existence of God to
your pandemic reading list Simmons also
asks questions to speak directly to the
one most important things you possess
your worldview your worldview as you
know is going to impact the way you live
your life for better or for worse if you
want to challenge yourself to spiritual
and intellectual growth and be willing
to ask yourself life's toughest
questions dive in today and click below
to order your copy of reflections on the
existence of God right now reflections
on the existence of God check it out
very important stuff hey there folks
welcome back to the air kamut axis show
as you already know because we told you
in the previous segment we have as our
guest someone so famous that all we have
to do is pronounce his three initials
and most of you will come sprinting to
your radios VDH Victor Davis Hanson for
those of you who didn't know what VDH
stands for is my guest today I want to
say folks how happy I am to have him if
you don't know who he is he's a senior
fellow at the Hoover Institution and has
written enumerable wonderful books he's
been a professor at Hillsdale College
professor of classics emeritus at
California State University Victor Davis
Hanson welcome to the program thank you
for having me Eric listen you're one of
these people that you're just fun to
talk to so it's a challenge for me to
steer things so how about if I let you
stew your things we are today going
through a particularly complex kind of
crisis give us your thinking
where we are with regard to let's just
say the balance between liberty and
Safety if we can put it that way the
balance between freedom and death to
reference Patrick Henry it seems to me
that's the real conversation yeah I
think we were doing pretty well and
balancing the obvious panic that occurs
from a possible pandemic in a democratic
society and then somewhere around a week
ago we went we started going in the
wrong direction and I say that on two or
three criteria number one at the very
time that these antibody tests started
to appear we had one yesterday us see we
had a Stanford one on Friday in Santa
Clara
we had these incidental reports from the
USS Roosevelt one from Germany one from
pregnant women that were admitted in New
York Hospital in Chicago it pretty much
showed us that the denominator of cases
that was divided into the numerator of
deaths was way off and that they wants
to move subject comparisons to the flu
were in fact at least in the case of
lethality legitimate in other words not
two or three people are dying 400 but
more likely one or two per thousand at
that very time than it should have
lessened the paranoia but part of the
the the up side of my own ignorance is
that many in my audience will be as
ignorant as I of some of these things
that you've just said so let me ask you
you say about a week ago um are you
saying that what you just said which I
consider huge news was not reported on I
don't remember it wasn't that it wasn't
reported on there were there were things
that were going on with antibiotic
testing in Germany and there had been an
earlier test in Finland that was
actually a positive test rather than an
antibody and there had been anecdotes
but then there were these very careful
Stanford and USC studies that came out
and there's more plan and what it shows
I think if I could be fair to the
evidence is the modeling
was as we knew exaggerated but was
completely wrong because the virus
apparently did three things that they
had not anticipated it got her earlier
than January twentieth probably it was
much more widespread more quickly than
we thought and it's not as lethal for
the general population it's pretty
deadly for people with medical
conditions over 65 and in places like
New York City that has almost half of
all the deaths but that should have sort
of said to us whatever we did in 2017
with when we suffered 60,000 deaths you
can critique that and say we shouldn't
we should have locked down there and we
shouldn't have but we're going through
apparently something similar maybe a
little bit more severe I'm sorry when
you reference 26 that was the last
severe flu season we had was 60 million
cases million hospitalizations 61
thousand dead and we didn't do what we
did now and we were not supposed to
reference that because we were told that
this would be 200,000 to 2.2 million but
it seems that with these antibody
testing and social distancing and it and
it we were very controversial about the
the degree of warm weather now there's
some studies coming out last week that
suggests the warmer the weather the more
the koban 19 virus reacts like the
common cold or influenza it doesn't
exist as long on surfaces or in the air
when the temperatures get up to 75
degrees or 80 so what I'm getting at is
Eric that this should have been a time
when people took a deep breath and said
we've inflicted 22 million unemployment
probably we've destroyed five trillion
dollars and liquidity and GDP and look
we're all human were not gods so let's
just take a deep breath and start right
and instead of what happened we had all
of these governors we had these
bureaucrats that were arresting people
for church services they were arresting
them for in a solitary lake or pond
being on a boat they were arresting
people the beach they were arresting
people for supposedly subversive
comments about
spreading false news as we hear it in
New Jersey and at this point I think
what we're seeing is a blatant admission
that the whole issue has been weaponized
and by that I mean it's basically now
we've come down to the barricades and
the left says we didn't do it with
Mueller we didn't do it with impeachment
and the longer were shut down the more
likely a severe recession the more
likely Trump will be Herbert Hoover in
November and if he undoes the lockdown
and puts us back then he's a mass
murderer and he can't win either way and
I think that's pretty much what I
gleaned from reading The New York Times
or listening to NPR or MSNBC well let me
ask you just yesterday on this program I
had Diana west on and she went so far as
to say that she felt that Trump had
fallen for the trap set by the
resistance so-called to shut down the
government in other words that from the
beginning this was intended to cause
great harm to the economy I wasn't sure
what to make of it when she said that
well what are your thoughts there I can
see where she's coming from but I don't
agree because I don't think that
politically or medically he had a choice
had he done this earlier that is the
announcer graduated return he might have
had Falchi or Burks resign but most
importantly he didn't have any antibody
tests if those antibody tests had come
out and suggested that in fact there
wasn't very many people who had
developed primary you know previous
immunity and the lethality rate really
was three to five percent 400 then he
wouldn't have had any basis but now that
where these studies are coming out and
it shows you it's comparable to the flu
he has the political ammunition so to
speak to reassure the American people
because area it doesn't really matter
what you say or I say or Dinah west says
ultimately the people decide by that I
mean
if he says let's go back and return to
work and people say well I just saw this
antibody test and they said there's
hardly anybody had it before and there
really is three people Dinah and a
hundred and that that could be ten
million Americans someday and I'm not
gonna go to the out to eat
I know it's legal but I'm not gonna book
that flight I'm not gonna have friends
over for dinner I'm not gonna take uber
I'm not going to go to a concert the
economy can't recover right so he's got
to create two things he's got to create
a climate a political climate where it's
legal to do that and encouraged to do
that but he has to create a cultural
social psychological climate in which
somebody is not afraid to do what they
should do and I think we're getting to
the point that he's achieved that and
it's kind of like we're at the point of
no return and if you talk to economists
had we go if we go into June first then
we're going to not get out of a
recession for a year or two so it's kind
of like a slingshot we're all the way
back and we go any further back it's
gonna break rather than go back you know
send a pajota projectile and I think
that's what we're hoping that when we
put the paddles to the economic patient
it wakes up rather than guides well and
and I guess I'm also wondering whether
just because the way economies work
we've already passed some points of no
return in that we cannot bounce back in
other words that there are things that
are going to have to play themselves out
and that that this is is in a way I mean
I guess I'm hearing that even if we were
to restart the economy today there's a
recession so I'm more worried about a
depression it seems to me so horrific if
you have businesses restaurants closing
the ripple effect it could be you know
unlike anything we've seen in our
lifetimes for sure
yeah I think you're I share that concern
especially in the medical side because
I'm gonna I live in a very impoverished
rural area when you see the number of
people who have not gone to the dialysis
center here federal dialysis center in
state and when you should go to a
cardiology appointment which I do and
it's in
and the doctors are laying people off
because people are afraid to go out
that's go and that's aside from suicide
substance abuse child abuse spousal
abuse okay so let me forgive me for
cutting you off we're gonna go to break
we're gonna be right back folks with
Victor Davis Hanson don't go ash oh hey
guess what I've got Victor Davis Hanson
he's in a bunker someplace at an
undisclosed location uh-huh
Victor Davis Hanson do you tell people
where you are are you yeah no no I home
because I see this is duh this is the
house I grew up in and it's 20 miles
southwest of Fresno on a farm that my
great-great-grandmother homesteaded in
1870 so I haven't never been anywhere in
some sense holy guacamole 1870 you know
in America that's uh that's pretty
impressive actually I shouldn't say in
America in California the idea that I
thought it was pretty impressive but was
a young man and as a adult I lived in
Greece three years and when you go there
and stay places that were built in the
13th century then you get a little
humility I was just gonna say my family
is from Cephalonia one of the Ionian
islands yes I've been there a lot you're
kidding no it's famous for its dried
fruit figs dried figs and raisin I'm I'm
a little staggered you probably said
this two years ago when you were last on
this program and of course I forgot it
but cephalonia the reason I read your
book who killed Homer is because I've
gotten involved in Mycenae and
archaeology on the Ionian islands they
have discovered the tomb of Odysseus the
tomb that Schliemann failed to discover
because he was looking in Ithaca and
drpfeld was looking in Lefkada and so
we could talk about cephalonia and the
Greeks for a long time in fact I'd love
to talk to you about the Greeks and who
killed Homer and the values of the West
maybe we'll get to that but to get back
to to this absolutely
you know parochial issue of the
coronavirus it's important let's go back
to
you were just saying you you said in the
previous segment that there are new
reports out whereby this virus can in
fact be compared to the flu now what
what amazes me actually is until you
just said this to me now today Tuesday
I hadn't heard this I mean I'm following
the news that's huge news it seems to me
that the Trump or one of his people
would have floated this that somebody on
Fox News would have floated this a
little more oh they did they have been
talking nonstop since Friday
I think dr. Ian Edie's was on another
good Greek name he was a professor at
the University of Jana nob before he
came to Stanford beautiful city and he
he explained to Mark Levin and he's been
on Fox and a lot of other people
associated with him and Michael of that
and others and now the USC team have
been giving notice and what they find is
that they go into it just a
scientifically adjusted population base
and they find they try different testing
to make sure they're not using one kit
that's inaccurate for antibodies and
they find two to four and a half or even
close to 5% then they do the math on the
population that would might be infected
in that County or that locale based on
the sampling and then they say you know
what the cases of that we're using to
determine the lafalot e or
underestimated by a factor of 40 to 80
in California so when you use the
numbers they come up with the the virus
I know it's a corona virus and it's not
an influenza strain but when you look at
the number of people in California who
have died from it from the number of
people who were infected it's like a flu
it's 1 to 2 / 2 / thousand and we had
been terrified remember Gavan nuisance
had 25 and a half million at the day at
the lethality rate of 3 percent you were
talking you know you could talk easily
about a million Californians that we're
going to die in early May and now that's
not true and I think that's created a
different psychological climate and help
Trump get back the question that you
raised whether it's too late is a good
one because it is psychological if
people are not afraid and they want to
spend their stimulus money gasoline is
cheap interest is cheap there's plenty
of stimuli to create a 1919 1946 feeling
that the war is over and that let's go
celebrate let's get out and give
ourselves they needed pat on the back
but that's a psychological question as
much as anything I don't think that
small businesses are yet extinguished I
know they're dormant they're comatose
but if they could get back in the next
two weeks with federal help I think
they'll rebound but we got at least a
ttle June that won't happen we've got
we've got two issues here two enemies so
to speak first of all the Chinese the
question in my mind is to what extent
have they been nefarious not whether
they've been nefarious but simply to
what extent and is this as my friend
John's mirek wrote read China's Pearl
Harbor moment did they want to strike a
blow to the West to the economy of the
West so that in their zero-sum game
geopolitical mind they would rise we
would fall what are your views with
regard to China and trust to take that
on as a cold war or lukewarm war enemy
everybody's arguing whether the wet
market was a ruse to hide the fact that
the virus either accidentally or
deliberately it was leaked I don't think
that's what we need to concentrate I'd
look at one pivotal moment what the left
calls a teachable moment and that was in
January 23rd they locked down Wuhan they
had a communist party by that I mean you
couldn't go in and couldn't go out we
allow them from Wuhan to come in had
direct flights to LAX and SFO and
Kennedy so in other words think of that
for a minute they were calling us racist
a week later when we finally locked it
down after for eight days they knowingly
allowed people from Ground Zero to come
the United States when they wouldn't let
them go to any other city in China and
we have to ask right
would they do that was it doing it I
have to go to a break I want to follow
up right there we'll be right back folks
with Victor Davis Hanson starck on taxes
show hey folks I'm talking a big turd
Davis Hanson dr. Hanson let me ask you
this you just said something that I've
heard a number of times that the the the
Chinese government did something that
seems to me like an act of war by
allowing people to fly from Wuhan to the
United States they must have known what
they were doing it seems to me clear
that this virus never emerged by itself
in a wet market but that they did use
that that seems clear the details are a
little fuzzier but I mean how is this
not an act of war if what you just said
before the break is true well I think in
some ways it is because they even
compounded that sin by saying you are
racist On January 31st for not letting
people from Wuhan and other places come
into your country but we're not racist
because we knew it was very dangerous
for anybody after January 23rd to fly to
our cities but we didn't care about you
people so we sent he sent a loud go
whatever term verb we use we allowed our
people to go into your country and what
was the reason we think that you're
inferior people you doesn't care that's
the 20 $64,000 question I think there's
a legitimate hypothesis that they said
something like this well maybe it got
out of the lab and maybe it's a disaster
for our brand and maybe we can control
it if we shut down the city but you know
what at this point we're at Armageddon
and just let this SOB go out and let it
go out and other people are gonna suffer
like we do that's the good take on it
the bad take is that it was more
predetermined but uncle what I'm worried
about is this Erick that we all say that
we have to decouple from China and I
agree we all say that China is a
communist dictatorship yeah we knew that
some people apparently didn't but it's a
wounded monster and they're very
dangerous
and I think that a US company if they
sit next week says I want to decouple my
ventilator company or whatever it is
they're gonna lose the factory value
they're gonna lose their capital they're
gonna get expropriated and they're not
going to be able to take anything out of
China number one I think they're going
to gradually absorb Hong Kong we're
already seeing that now this week that
they're cracking down on Hong Kong
they've already renamed these islands
around the Spratly Islands and they've
renamed them with Chinese names they've
already violated the know yield
international agreement not to test
low-level nuclear weapons they were been
doing that last week so what I'm getting
at is it starts to look like they're
saying you know what we're enemy number
one in the world and there's no way we
can appease these people because we
killed everybody so that we'll see how
tough they are and how all of his
humanitarian sound when we crack down on
them because we have nothing but
contempt for the post-modern west and
that's what I think we're looking at in
the next month or two I'm I'm very sorry
to agree let's go further if they are
the enemy what do you make of the idea
that the new york times two or three
days ago had as a headline that trump
was going to use china as a scapegoat to
politically avoid being criticized
himself what do you make of the fact
that folks like Pelosi and schumer are
holding American businesses hostage to
their cynical political ambitions to get
a hundred billion dollars of their
garbage inserted into something that was
meant only to use the American taxpayers
money to save American businesses it
seems to me that we have enemies at home
and I never in the past would have said
it so strongly but I've never seen
anything quite like what I'm seeing
today in the press and in the Democratic
Party yeah you're not see anything
because you'd have to read some kind of
Orwellian novel to believe that
Losey could go into Chinatown in San
Francisco on the 24th of February and
divide people to come in three weeks
after the Trump travel ban then blame
Trump for being lacks or blue Blasio
could tell people to go on the subway
and then the tact Trump for being lacks
and the reason to answer your question
is twofold as a as involves China one
the left at some point early on the
Trump administration if not during the
inauguration decided that he posed an
existential threat to the progressive
agenda and to all of their cultural
sensitivities and therefore any means
necessary to get rid of him
25th amendment a moment's Clause voting
machine suits a veritable coup to wire
the Assistant Attorney General rod
Rosenstein except Osetra were justified
including Mueller impeachment so that we
know that they don't feel that they're
acting unethically because they feel
that if Donald Trump is be posed as a
presidency aborted he's not reelect 'add
and that was a moral act and we know the
left has a propensity for the ends
justifying their means the second thing
is they and their view China is not like
Russia Russia is a dictatorship but it's
part of the other it's not a white
so-called white country it's a leftist
country maybe a stall in this country
but they have I'm just talking now as a
former undergraduate UC Santa Cruz and
remembering all the posters of a
cherubic Mao Zedong waving to you and
young kids from Beverly Hills and Palos
Verdes wearing those mal caps with the
little red star so they've always had a
propensity and a naivete about China and
so they don't when we say Chinese
Communist Party they don't think Soviet
Brezhnev Putin was a former KGB they
don't make that comparison even though
those are valid comparisons if Putin I
don't even think that Putin is as scary
as a Chinese because he doesn't have the
apparatus a ssin that filters into
society I don't think he begins to come
though I don't think I need
IIIi don't think he does only in one
sense he's got 7500 nuclear weapons and
China's got about 1,200 but other than
that Russia is a failing country and one
of the sad things about all of this is
we forgot what Henry Kissinger said and
that was I think that was in the 60s we
want to make sure a foreign policy never
makes China feel that it's closer to
Russia than to us or Russia that it's
closer to China than to us in other
words we need to play the two off
against each other in a realist fashion
and when we got paranoid about Putin and
we demonized Russia after a pz net
during reset we lost that that tool in
foreign policy and we've got the beauty
other
forgive me we've got to go to another
break folks I'm talking to Victor Davis
Hanson I hope you will share this
interview the video that we put on
YouTube and the arc Metaxas show with
your friends unfortunately this is very
important we'll be right back hey folks
welcome to our two of the Eric Metaxas
show we call it our two because legally
were obliged to I believe it comes
usually after our one but then you know
our one will come after our two
eventually it's cycling we want you to
go to our app the Eric Metaxas show app
on your phone you can just listen to
this over and over and over again and
the hours will blur together um I'm
talking to Victor Davis Hanson who's in
his boyhood home is it dr. Hanson that's
Inc in rural California not so far from
Fresno we've been talking about China
we've been talking about the Democrats
it seems to me that the existential
crisis we faced in 1775 and six the
existential crisis we faced in 1860 has
never again repeated itself until now
that right now with China and with
people among our cultural elites who are
buying the Chinese narrative who
themselves understand nothing of our
history of Liberty of self-government of
the role of virtue and self-government
that we are right now in our culture and
in our nation facing and exists
crisis that compares to the previous two
do you think I'm overstating it no I was
a young kid during the 60s and that was
pretty divisive and maybe more violent
but it wasn't geographical and political
that happened in the civil war and I'm
afraid it's happening now where when we
look at maps we not only see political
differences by county but we see
geographical districts we basically have
a country of the east and west corridors
coastal corridors and then around the
Great Lakes and then we have a Red Sea
much larger geographical area in between
but population wise they're about equal
and when you take that multiplier you
get something like the Balkans and
that's why I'm worried about because you
say half of almost all the deaths have
been in New York City Florida California
or much less Utah they're not
experiencing the same thing so when a
New Yorker or like Bette Midler says you
people in the Florida beaches are gonna
be tan for your funeral or you start to
see that level invective or Madonna on
the day that Trump was inaugurated blow
up the White House or all of that talk
and then it's enhanced in our age unlike
the 60s with social media internet email
we've got a perfect storm and
globalization played a big role at
anybody who's muscular labor could be
xeroxed abroad was and people who had
so-called informational skills legal
insurance finance academic media
technological computer they suddenly had
a market not of 330 million but 7
billion and they became fabulously
wealthy and they somehow attributed that
to their superior virtue and the people
who didn't do well well they were people
and pickup trucks that took meth and
drove businesses away so so so-called so
yeah I'm worried about it and it it's
crossing G when I go to New York or when
I go to San Francisco I feel like I'm in
a different planet now and I have
friends of long-standing that I can't
talk to anymore but we'll say this Eric
I know it sounds so
serving but I do think the venom comes
from the left in this sense that they
are totalitarians they see all of their
existence encompassed by a political
ideology where conservatives or
moderates say you know what this is
politics but this is life this is
culture this is economics and they don't
hold grudges and they're not always in
your face the way the left is for them
it's 24/7 360 degrees and that's scary
well I think you of all people
understand it's because the the right
for all our flaws hold to a
judeo-christian Western ethic we believe
in truth we believe to some extent also
in forgiveness if you're part of a
totalitarian cult those things mean
nothing to you power is everything and
it seems to me that since the 60s
because we've not been educating a
couple of generations now of students in
what it means to be an American and and
where we get our values from that we do
have people on the other side who for
whom this is all scorched earth policy
they don't believe in malice toward none
yeah I think so and I think if you don't
believe in transcendence in the
judeo-christian ethic and morality and
you believe that all there is is here
and then you're die and there's nothing
then you want to be God on earth and you
feel that you have to in a very brief
time have this power to coerce people to
be good and you can change human nature
it's not innately flawed and redeemed
only by religion and culture but it's
it's malleable and with more money and
education and goodwill you can force
people to be good and that's all we are
and that's a very different view because
you really have to make your own
everybody has a desire for something
outside of themselves so their gods tend
to be material gods global warming
abortion all of these issues that they
embrace with the friends
it's I don't believe when I die I'm
gonna rot so I have to have a legacy
among humans and I've got to get this
perfect world and and you're in the way
and you're stupid you're not educated
you didn't go to Yale or you doesn't do
this and I'm gonna force you to be good
and for the other side it's this isn't
all there is and more importantly how
you live your life in an ethical and
spiritual and moral sense depends on
your ultimate fate of your soul and you
see you have little humility about that
and you understand you were born into
this world as a flawed human being and
culture and especially religion allow
you to be redeemed and no matter what
you say human nature is innate and it's
fixed and that's and so we look to
things like Sermon on the Mount
rather than An Inconvenient Truth and
that makes a big difference in the way
people treat each other
has anyone ever compared Al Gore to
Jesus before I think you may be the
first and I hope you're the last let me
ask you a question
when you talk about you know this idea
that I brought up you know that if I
don't fear death because I believe in
something beyond death
I believe that virtue is rewarded I'm
not so worried about getting it all now
then I can behave and say things like I
can behave like a Patrick Henry and say
things like give me liberty or give me
death because genuinely I'm willing to
risk because I have foundational values
but if I don't really believe in any of
those things then I am risk-averse and
it strikes me that that's when you have
the nanny state when you have big
government what they want to say is just
do what I tell you I will give you food
I will give you shelter I will give you
some kind of modicum of safety we as
capitalists understand that risk ought
to be rewarded that's the world we live
in and that you know if you want to
build the Brooklyn Bridge some people
will die if you want to fight a satanic
enemy whether it's the tyranny of George
the third
or anyone else you're going to lose
lives it seems to me that the game
they're playing right now is they have
such a soft population that we've had
pretty much good time since World War
two and that people really have lost the
ability to face death and we'll often
times at least 50% do what the
government tells them to avoid any of
these horrors or any of these risks yeah
I think so and and that's the religious
side the contribution of Jerusalem to
Western culture but remember it also
what was unique about the West it
incorporated Athens in Rome and by that
I mean there was a pre-existing tragic
view now the therapeutic view of human
nature that we we were as a Greek set of
femural we only live epi himuro's we
were only here for a day and so human
nature was to be expected it was charted
it was it was known and that the great
beauty of life was you struggled against
a very finite time of life and you
understood the evil within you this is
the pre-christian even and you have to
come right back the subject folks in
case you're just tuning in is what does
Athens have to do with Jerusalem my
guest is Victor Davis Hanson we'll be
right back hey folks welcome back I'm
talking to Victor Davis Hanson I have to
ask you to continue VDH if i can call
you that you uh you were just talking
about what athens has to do with
Jerusalem and I think this is what we
have forgotten this is what the
globalist cultural elites not only have
forgotten but are actively now working
against some of them wittingly some
unwittingly isn't this the central issue
that these are the values of the West
without which we do become China yeah I
think so I think somebody understands
the West looks at this coronavirus and
they say maybe in February human nature
being what it is you better watch out
because hoarding is going to inevitably
happen and then we're going to get panic
and hysteria and then blame gaming just
as it happened in Athens or
Constantinople or Genoa during the the
14th century
because that's humans and so we're gonna
try to mitigate that and deal with it
rather than oh my gosh that person
should die because they went to the
beach when they weren't supposed to and
they weren't learned and they weren't
educated so it's the humility that
Christianity built upon and then change
into a much richer texture but the
reason that Plato and Aristotle were so
popular in the medieval churches they
the church philosophers found things
there that could be incorporated into
the Christian doctrine and when you
don't study this so you don't know it
and we used to have a society not just
in college but even in grade school
understand the principles of Western
culture then you end up where we're
going now and where we're going now
explains why people have an affinity for
China because they say whether you're
Tom Friedman you say come back from
China and you say I think as I remember
he wrote I wish we could be China for a
day what he meant was if we had the
power we could have solar panels and
high-speed rail and gleaming airports
and I'm so embarrassed of Kennedy you
know I felt like saying when I go to JFK
I might be embarrassed of the
infrastructure but there's a human
diversity that you don't see in
monoculture racist China in a gleaming
Peking Air visioning Airport but there
was a fascination with China because
they felt that it had the coercive power
to achieve thing just like the left kind
of now likes the military they think you
wow transgenderism
women in combat we can't get that
through legislative process if people
are stupid too stupid it was supported
that military can do it by eating that's
why this period is so scary because
these governors now can override the
first and second amendments and do
things they've always wanted to but they
never had the opportunity to don't do
you think there's gonna be some kind of
a kickback greg gutfeld the other night
was just brilliantly saying that what
you said early in this conversation that
the American people are going to do what
they're going to do in other words if
they feel that it's safe they're gonna
get back into the water if they don't
they won't but I but I think you're
seeing in a lot of these protests and in
in just the reportage about you know
parents being arrested for for for
playing ball with their kid in a park in
the middle of nowhere
I think that there's going to be a
kickback and that people are eventually
just going to do what they want to do
and there's so many of us there's not
enough law enforcement you know to keep
us from doing certain things I think
that spirit is still alive
in America and that there will be there
will be pushback you know probably
starting about today yeah I think so too
I think it also is a cultural economic
divide in the sense that if you're
somebody who made a lot of money very
early or you or somebody who feels if
the recession - depression won't affect
your foundation or your university or
your network or your media outlet or
your computer company and you've had a
pretty good life and you're not physical
you haven't been around people that are
poor except your gardener and your
housekeeper then you don't really have a
lot of empathy but if somebody has been
gone broke or been injured on the job or
has to go out at 55 and wait tables all
day or as a front line nurse for them
the human experience has always been on
the margins so when they look at this
they feel you know what this is not that
much different than in daily life it's a
struggle but if you're somebody who
feels I follow all my health regimens I
got all my 401 KS I got my great job I
do not want to take ninety nine point
nine even though they tell me it's
ninety nine point nine chance I could
die I have one chance in a thousand of
died and that's not fair to me because I
have a great life where the other people
said I'm not afraid of death for the
reasons we Pryor discussed but more
importantly for me right now I consider
my restaurant going broke or my
barbershop going broke as a destruction
of everything I built everything I was
going to leave my children my name in
the community the help that I give other
people and I'm not going to do it even
if it cost me it takes some chances and
that's the difference I think III think
it's time or we're getting very close to
the time for you know Boston Tea Party
it seems to me that when when tyranny
goes too far if you have people as we
still have by God's grace in the United
States of America there will be pushed
back if I owned a barbershop here in
Manhattan where I live I think I would
open it up and I would happily be
arrested to set an example for my fellow
New Yorkers and I think if enough people
have that attitude there's nothing that
the governor or mayor frankly can do at
this point not if there's enough people
I think if I had a barbershop I would
tell people these are the odds that you
could be infected
here's masks on the table you're welcome
to use them
here's hand sanitizers I would be very
clean but I said I'm gonna take a risk
because you need to get your hair cut
for if anything Public Health we don't
want a lice outbreak all over New York
I'm gonna go because we had a
sophisticated successful civilization
and we're not going to destroy it when
people say we're not gonna go back to
normal what was normal normal was pretty
good for most people at least it was
fair and it wasn't it was transparent
and when they say we're not going to go
back to normal I don't want to have the
new abnormal because I have a feeling
based on history I know what they have
in mind as the new normal and not
considerate abnormal just a few minutes
left so the question then is you said
you know that if if the economy tanks
crumple look like Hoover here's the
difference Trump is not Hoover he's
Trump and I think that even if these
cast is Hoover Trump cast as Hoover that
still doesn't look like Hoover I I think
that he will be re-elected I think we
will probably get the house back and I
think he is going to be a wartime
president in a sense because whatever
kind of war we have with China the war
is on he decided you know to rouse the
dragon by confronting them economically
a couple of years ago already I have to
say that I'm pretty sanguine about our
future maybe we're in a battle but we've
been in battles before you know when I
mentioned Hoover I said that was what
they they they were going to try to
portray him I didn't I don't I think he
has a good chance but the reason people
voted for Trump or for two reasons one
they believed his agenda was a better
type of conservatism because
things like China and the border and
deregulation and all that that they felt
the Republican Bush establishment was
not concerned about average people's
jobs okay we got that but they also
didn't want to play by the Marquess of
Queensbury rules anymore they thought
that mark Mitt Romney or John McCain
were decent gentlemen that preferred
losing nobly to winning kind of fiercely
and they wanted somebody to say you know
what the next time that SOB attacks me
or my supporters I'm gonna retaliate in
Trump if you actually look at his most
controversial tweets and statements I
went through them all about a hundred of
them
he was they were never a pre-emptive
they were retaliatory now they may have
been disproportionate Megaton yz4 modest
but he was trying to restore deterrence
and I think people now realize if you
don't attack Donald Trump or you
criticize him in a polite way you have
no problem but if you demagogue him and
libel him or supporters he doesn't care
he will retaliate in a way that you've
never seen and you feel is not customary
and that's why people hate him so much
because he's not playing by the George W
Bush George HW Bush Republican rules and
they think he should because they were
very effective one final thought we
didn't we being the Republican or
conservative movement didn't win 51%
since 1988 Michael Dukakis was defeated
by George HW Bush I think we've lost
five out of the last six popular
elections at the popular vote and this
was at a time when the Republican Party
won 1,100 local races under Obama and
state races so what I'm getting at is
County State
conservatives were making huge processes
new agendas and were winning at the
national ticket the establishment was
fielding candidates like John McCain and
Romney that were not able to capture the
imagination of the American people and
so Trump came along he didn't get 51%
but he did the unthinkable
he was outspent four to one he had a
negative completely negative media and
he had the most influential element
so the Republican Party against him
anyone is that right I have to laugh
because uh I it would it would just be
so much fun to keep talking to you I'd
love to talk to you about the Mycenae
ins and the Greeks next time I do hope
you can join us again soon
I'm glad to know you're out there
particularly glad to know you're with us
today my audience gets to hear from you
god bless you and we'll talk to you soon
see you guys
you